README.md, before:

## Hello Everyone, I'm Kelsey👋

- 😄 Pronouns: she/they
- 🔭 I’m currently working on updating websites and tackling ![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=#d16c06)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about packaging software into containers using ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 
- ⚡ Fun fact: I've been to 14 different countries and visited 28 states in the USA
- 📫 How to reach me:
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-d14836?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=kelseyann77@gmail.com)](mailto:kelseyann77@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelsey-corro/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelsey-corro/)

## Projects

### Sensitivity Savors - An Accessible Recipes Website
#### March 2024 - May 2024
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kaywil05/SensitivitySavors)](https://github.com/kaywil05/SensitivitySavors)

- Created a web application focusing on accessibility for a wider audience (i.e. using a color blind friendly color scheme, dyslexia friendly font, and more recipes that were friendly to different dietary restrictions)

- Utilized ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) 


-----
### Google Chrome Extension for Las Cruces Craigslist
#### November 2023 - December 2023
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise/tree/main/craigslist)](https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise/tree/main/craigslist)

Visit Redirected Las Cruces Craiglist Page  [HERE](https://pebbleparadise.com/craigslist)
- Created a ![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white) Extension for the Las Cruces Craigslist website that improved aesthetics and user experience

- Utilized ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
  
- The Chrome Extension was programmed to redirect the user from lascruces.craigslist.org --> pebbleparadise.com/craigslist

-----
### Pebble Paradise - A Pet Rock Sitting Website
#### September 2023 - November 2023
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise)](https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise)

Visit Pebble Paradise [HERE](https://pebbleparadise.com/index)

- Collaborated in a group utilizing ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) to create a non-commercial website for a pet rock sitting service

- Used ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) and ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) for front end web development and to implement web design

- Made a unique visitor counter for the website through back end web development with ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) and ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) Workers KV

-----
### Detecting Fake New Using Machine Learning
#### February 2023 - April 2023

- Processed a fake news dataset obtained from [![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-035a7d?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white&link=https://www.kaggle.com/)](https://www.kaggle.com/) using the natural language processing software LIWC

- Utilized ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to implement several machine learning models such as decision tree classification, logistic regression, naive bayes, and support vector machines to classify news from dataset into two categories: fake news and real news 

-----
### An Analysis of Monkeypox Communication Among LGBTQ+ People on Social Media
#### September 2022 - November 2022
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/CJCascalheira/monkeypox-reddit)](https://github.com/CJCascalheira/monkeypox-reddit)

- Used ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to web scrape comments from top ten LGBTQ+ subreddits from [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%23FF4500.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Reddit&logoColor=white&link=https://www.reddit.com/)](https://www.reddit.com/) posted from May 2022 - October 
2022 to obtain a raw dataset and processed raw dataset using natural language processing software LIWC
  
- Used ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) in ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to perform cluster analyses and create parallel coordinate plots to effectively communicate findings from data

- Used ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) to obtain necessary data by parsing through large datafiles using regular expression 

- Note: A lot of the .py and .R scripts in the /src folder were created and updated by me. My collaborator and I utilized ![Google Drive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Drive-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=googledrive&logoColor=white) (specifically Google Colab) in order to share code with each other. Afterward, my collaborator took the initiative of uploading the code into their repository.


## Credits
[Markdown Badge Source](https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges)

Commit message:

Added React to Update README.md

README.md, after:

## Hello Everyone, I'm Kelsey👋

- 😄 Pronouns: she/they
- 🔭 I’m currently working on updating websites and tackling ![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=LeetCode&logoColor=#d16c06)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning how to use the JavaScript library ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) to build better web applications
- ⚡ Fun fact: I've been to 14 different countries and visited 28 states in the USA
- 📫 How to reach me:
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-d14836?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=kelseyann77@gmail.com)](mailto:kelseyann77@gmail.com)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelsey-corro/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelsey-corro/)

## Projects

### Sensitivity Savors - An Accessible Recipes Website
#### March 2024 - May 2024
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/kaywil05/SensitivitySavors)](https://github.com/kaywil05/SensitivitySavors)

- Created a web application focusing on accessibility for a wider audience (i.e. using a color blind friendly color scheme, dyslexia friendly font, and more recipes that were friendly to different dietary restrictions)

- Utilized ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) 


-----
### Google Chrome Extension for Las Cruces Craigslist
#### November 2023 - December 2023
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise/tree/main/craigslist)](https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise/tree/main/craigslist)

Visit Redirected Las Cruces Craiglist Page  [HERE](https://pebbleparadise.com/craigslist)
- Created a ![Google Chrome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Chrome-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white) Extension for the Las Cruces Craigslist website that improved aesthetics and user experience

- Utilized ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
  
- The Chrome Extension was programmed to redirect the user from lascruces.craigslist.org --> pebbleparadise.com/craigslist

-----
### Pebble Paradise - A Pet Rock Sitting Website
#### September 2023 - November 2023
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise)](https://github.com/MoreMoople/pebble-paradise)

Visit Pebble Paradise [HERE](https://pebbleparadise.com/index)

- Collaborated in a group utilizing ![Github Pages](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20pages-121013?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) to create a non-commercial website for a pet rock sitting service

- Used ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) and ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) for front end web development and to implement web design

- Made a unique visitor counter for the website through back end web development with ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) and ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) Workers KV

-----
### Detecting Fake New Using Machine Learning
#### February 2023 - April 2023

- Processed a fake news dataset obtained from [![Kaggle](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kaggle-035a7d?style=for-the-badge&logo=kaggle&logoColor=white&link=https://www.kaggle.com/)](https://www.kaggle.com/) using the natural language processing software LIWC

- Utilized ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to implement several machine learning models such as decision tree classification, logistic regression, naive bayes, and support vector machines to classify news from dataset into two categories: fake news and real news 

-----
### An Analysis of Monkeypox Communication Among LGBTQ+ People on Social Media
#### September 2022 - November 2022
Repository: [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/CJCascalheira/monkeypox-reddit)](https://github.com/CJCascalheira/monkeypox-reddit)

- Used ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to web scrape comments from top ten LGBTQ+ subreddits from [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-%23FF4500.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Reddit&logoColor=white&link=https://www.reddit.com/)](https://www.reddit.com/) posted from May 2022 - October 
2022 to obtain a raw dataset and processed raw dataset using natural language processing software LIWC
  
- Used ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) in ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) to perform cluster analyses and create parallel coordinate plots to effectively communicate findings from data

- Used ![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/r-%23276DC3.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white) to obtain necessary data by parsing through large datafiles using regular expression 

- Note: A lot of the .py and .R scripts in the /src folder were created and updated by me. My collaborator and I utilized ![Google Drive](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Drive-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=googledrive&logoColor=white) (specifically Google Colab) in order to share code with each other. Afterward, my collaborator took the initiative of uploading the code into their repository.


## Credits
[Markdown Badge Source](https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges)
